README.md, before:

# PigPig: Advanced Multi-modal LLM Discord Bot

<p align="center">
  <a href="README.md">English</a> | <a href="README_zh-TW.md">繁體中文</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/BvP64mqKzR">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1212823415204085770?color=7289DA&label=Support&logo=discord&style=for-the-badge" alt="Discord">
  </a>
</p>

PigPig is a powerful Discord bot based on multi-modal Large Language Models (LLM), designed to interact with users through natural language. It combines advanced AI capabilities with practical features, offering a rich experience for Discord communities.

[Invite PigPig to your server](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1208661941539704852&permissions=8&scope=bot)

## 🌟 Key Features

- 🧠 **AI-Powered Conversations**: Utilizes LLMs and LangChain for natural language understanding and generation.
- 🖼️ **Multi-modal Capabilities**: Visual question answering and image generation.
- 🍽️ **Practical Features**: Set reminders, get recommendations, and perform calculations.
- 👤 **User Information Management**: Create and maintain user profiles.
- 📊 **Channel Data RAG**: Use channel history for context-aware responses.
- 🧠 **Intelligent Channel Memory System**: Permanently stores and intelligently retrieves channel conversation history, providing semantic search and context enhancement
- 💭 **Chain of Thought Reasoning**: Employs Chain of Thought reasoning to provide detailed, step-by-step explanations of its thought process, enhancing transparency and understanding.  This feature allows the bot to break down complex problems into smaller, manageable steps, providing a more comprehensive and insightful response.
- 🔄 **Auto-Update System**: Automatically checks for and downloads GitHub updates with secure backup and rollback mechanisms.


## 🖥️ System Requirements

### Essential Dependencies
- [Python 3.10+](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) (for user data and restaurant recommendation features)
- [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/) (for music playback functionality)
- [Modules in requirements](requirements.txt)

### Hardware Requirements
- **GPU (Optional)**: NVIDIA GPU with at least 12GB VRAM (recommended for local model inference)
- **Note**: The bot prioritizes API services over local models, making GPU optional for most use cases

## 📸 Feature Showcase
### Discord Bot

![alt text](readmeimg/image-4.png)

![alt text](readmeimg/image.png)

![alt text](readmeimg/image-1.png)

![alt text](readmeimg/image-2.png)

![alt text](readmeimg/image-3.png)

## 🚀 Quick Start
```

### FFmpeg Configuration

The bot now supports configurable FFmpeg settings through the `settings.json` file. Key configuration options include:

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `ffmpeg.location` | Path to FFmpeg executable (default: `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_quality` | Audio quality for music downloads (default: `192` kbps) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_codec` | Audio codec for conversion (default: `mp3`) |
| `ffmpeg.postprocessor_args` | FFmpeg postprocessor arguments for optimization |
| `ffmpeg.ytdlp_options` | yt-dlp specific options for download behavior |
| `ffmpeg.http_headers` | HTTP headers for download requests |

These settings allow you to customize the music download and processing behavior according to your system requirements and preferences.sh
git clone https://github.com/starpig1129/discord-LLM-bot-PigPig.git  #Clone the repository
cd discord-LLM-bot-PigPig                                        #Go to the directory
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt          #Install required packages
```

### FFmpeg Configuration

The bot now supports configurable FFmpeg settings through the `settings.json` file. Key configuration options include:

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `ffmpeg.location` | Path to FFmpeg executable (default: `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_quality` | Audio quality for music downloads (default: `192` kbps) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_codec` | Audio codec for conversion (default: `mp3`) |
| `ffmpeg.postprocessor_args` | FFmpeg postprocessor arguments for optimization |
| `ffmpeg.ytdlp_options` | yt-dlp specific options for download behavior |
| `ffmpeg.http_headers` | HTTP headers for download requests |

These settings allow you to customize the music download and processing behavior according to your system requirements and preferences.

Start your bot with `python main.py`

## ⚙️ Configuration
1. **Rename `.env Example` to `.env` and fill all the values**
```

### FFmpeg Configuration

The bot now supports configurable FFmpeg settings through the `settings.json` file. Key configuration options include:

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `ffmpeg.location` | Path to FFmpeg executable (default: `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_quality` | Audio quality for music downloads (default: `192` kbps) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_codec` | Audio codec for conversion (default: `mp3`) |
| `ffmpeg.postprocessor_args` | FFmpeg postprocessor arguments for optimization |
| `ffmpeg.ytdlp_options` | yt-dlp specific options for download behavior |
| `ffmpeg.http_headers` | HTTP headers for download requests |

These settings allow you to customize the music download and processing behavior according to your system requirements and preferences.sh
TOKEN = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.XXXXXX.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
CLIENT_ID = 123456789012345678
CLIENT_SECRET_ID = XXXXXXXXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
SERCET_KEY = DASHBOARD_SERCET_KEY

BUG_REPORT_CHANNEL_ID = 123456789012345678

LLM_MODEL_NAME = shenzhi-wang/Llama3-8B-Chinese-Chat
VQA_MODEL_NAME = openbmb/MiniCPM-Llama3-V-2_5-int4
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
OPENAI_API_KEY = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
GEMINI_API_KEY = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

# Bot Owner ID (for auto-update system and admin operations)
BOT_OWNER_ID = 123456789012345678

# MongoDB Configuration (required for user data and restaurant features)
MONGODB_URI = mongodb://localhost:27017/pigpig
```

### FFmpeg Configuration

The bot now supports configurable FFmpeg settings through the `settings.json` file. Key configuration options include:

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `ffmpeg.location` | Path to FFmpeg executable (default: `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_quality` | Audio quality for music downloads (default: `192` kbps) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_codec` | Audio codec for conversion (default: `mp3`) |
| `ffmpeg.postprocessor_args` | FFmpeg postprocessor arguments for optimization |
| `ffmpeg.ytdlp_options` | yt-dlp specific options for download behavior |
| `ffmpeg.http_headers` | HTTP headers for download requests |

These settings allow you to customize the music download and processing behavior according to your system requirements and preferences.
| Values | Description |
| --- | --- |
| TOKEN | Your Discord bot token [(Discord Portal)](https://discord.com/developers/applications) |
| CLIENT_ID | Your Discord bot client id [(Discord Portal)](https://discord.com/developers/applications) |
| CLIENT_SECRET_ID | Your Discord bot client secret id [(Discord Portal)](https://discord.com/developers/applications) ***(optional)*** |
| SERCET_KEY | Secret key for dashboard ***(optional)*** |
| BUG_REPORT_CHANNEL_ID | All the error messages will send to this text channel ***(optional)*** |
| ANTHROPIC_API_KEY | Your Anthropic api key [(Anthropic API)](https://www.anthropic.com/api) ***(optional)*** |
| OPENAI_API_KEY | Your OpenAI api key [(OpenAI API)](https://openai.com/api/) ***(optional)*** |
| GEMINI_API_KEY | Your GEMINI API key [(GEMINI API)](https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey/) ***(optional)*** |
| BOT_OWNER_ID | Your Discord User ID for bot owner privileges and auto-update system ***(required for auto-update)*** |
| MONGODB_URI | MongoDB connection string for user data storage ***(required for user data and restaurant features)*** |
2. **Rename `settingsExample.json` to `settings.json` and customize your settings**
***(Note: Do not change any keys from `settings.json`)***
```

### FFmpeg Configuration

The bot now supports configurable FFmpeg settings through the `settings.json` file. Key configuration options include:

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `ffmpeg.location` | Path to FFmpeg executable (default: `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_quality` | Audio quality for music downloads (default: `192` kbps) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_codec` | Audio codec for conversion (default: `mp3`) |
| `ffmpeg.postprocessor_args` | FFmpeg postprocessor arguments for optimization |
| `ffmpeg.ytdlp_options` | yt-dlp specific options for download behavior |
| `ffmpeg.http_headers` | HTTP headers for download requests |

These settings allow you to customize the music download and processing behavior according to your system requirements and preferences.json
{
    "prefix": "/",
    "activity": [
        {
            "paly": "\u5b78\u7fd2\u8aaa\u8a71"
        }
    ],
    "ipc_server": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 8000,
        "enable": false
    },
    "version": "v2.2.11",
    "mongodb": "mongodb://localhost:27017/",
    "music_temp_base": "./temp/music",
    "model_priority": ["gemini", "local", "openai", "claude"],
    "auto_update": {
        "enabled": true,
        "check_interval": 21600,
        "require_owner_confirmation": true,
        "auto_restart": true
    },
    "notification": {
        "discord_dm": true,
        "update_channel_id": null,
        "notification_mentions": []
    },
    "security": {
        "backup_enabled": true,
        "max_backups": 5,
        "verify_downloads": true,
        "protected_files": ["settings.json", ".env", "data/"]
    },
    "restart": {
        "graceful_shutdown_timeout": 30,
        "restart_command": "python main.py",
        "pre_restart_delay": 5
    },
    "github": {
        "repository": "starpig1129/ai-discord-bot-PigPig",
        "api_url": "https://github.com/starpig1129/ai-discord-bot-PigPig/releases/latest",
        "download_url": "https://github.com/starpig1129/ai-discord-bot-PigPig/archive/"
    },
    "ffmpeg": {
        "location": "/usr/bin/ffmpeg",
        "audio_quality": "192",
        "audio_codec": "mp3",
        "postprocessor_args": {
            "threads": 2,
            "loglevel": "warning",
            "overwrite_output": true,
            "max_muxing_queue_size": 2048,
            "analyzeduration": "20M",
            "probesize": "20M",
            "reconnect": true,
            "reconnect_streamed": true,
            "reconnect_delay_max": 30,
            "timeout": 30000000,
            "rw_timeout": 30000000
        },
        "ytdlp_options": {
            "socket_timeout": 300,
            "retries": 10,
            "concurrent_fragment_downloads": 1,
            "file_access_retries": 5,
            "fragment_retries": 10,
            "retry_sleep_http": 5
        },
        "http_headers": {
            "user_agent": "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36",
            "accept": "text/html,application/xhtml+xml,application/xml;q=0.9,*/*;q=0.8",
            "accept_language": "en-us,en;q=0.5",
            "sec_fetch_mode": "navigate"
        }
    }
}
```

### FFmpeg Configuration

The bot now supports configurable FFmpeg settings through the `settings.json` file. Key configuration options include:

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `ffmpeg.location` | Path to FFmpeg executable (default: `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_quality` | Audio quality for music downloads (default: `192` kbps) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_codec` | Audio codec for conversion (default: `mp3`) |
| `ffmpeg.postprocessor_args` | FFmpeg postprocessor arguments for optimization |
| `ffmpeg.ytdlp_options` | yt-dlp specific options for download behavior |
| `ffmpeg.http_headers` | HTTP headers for download requests |

These settings allow you to customize the music download and processing behavior according to your system requirements and preferences.

## 🧠 Memory System Configuration

The bot includes an intelligent channel memory system that provides permanent conversation storage and semantic search capabilities. Key features include:

### Memory System Features
- **Permanent Storage**: All channel conversations are automatically stored in a local SQLite database
- **Semantic Search**: Advanced vector-based search using sentence transformers for meaningful context retrieval
- **Multilingual Support**: Works with multiple languages including English, Chinese, Japanese, and more
- **Hybrid Search**: Combines keyword and semantic search for optimal results
- **Context Enhancement**: Automatically provides relevant conversation history to improve AI responses

### Memory System Commands
- `/memory_search <query>`: Search through conversation history using semantic search
- `/memory_stats`: View memory system statistics and storage information
- `/memory_config`: Manage memory system configuration settings

### Hardware Requirements for Memory System
- **CPU**: Standard CPU sufficient for basic operations
- **RAM**: Minimum 4GB recommended for vector operations
- **Storage**: Local storage for SQLite database and vector indices
- **Optional GPU**: NVIDIA GPU can accelerate vector computations (install `faiss-gpu` instead of `faiss-cpu`)

### Memory System Dependencies
The memory system uses the following key dependencies (automatically installed with requirements.txt):
- `faiss-cpu>=1.7.4`: Vector similarity search engine
- `sentence-transformers>=2.2.2`: Multilingual sentence embeddings
- `scikit-learn>=1.0.0`: Machine learning utilities for similarity calculations
- `psutil>=5.9.8`: System monitoring for performance optimization

## Cogs Overview

This bot utilizes a modular design with several cogs (modules) to handle different functionalities. Here's a brief overview:

- **CoT_AI:** Implements Chain of Thought reasoning for detailed, step-by-step responses.
- **Channel Manager:** Manages channel-specific settings and permissions.
- **Discord Manager Agent:** Handles Discord-specific management operations and automation.
- **Image Generation:** Generates images based on text prompts.
- **GIF Tools:** Provides GIF creation and manipulation functionality.
- **Help:** Provides a list of available commands and assistance.
- **Internet Search:** Performs various web searches (general, image, YouTube, URL content).
- **Language Manager:** Manages multi-language support and translations.
- **Math:** Performs mathematical calculations and problem-solving.
- **Memory System:** Intelligent channel memory system providing permanent conversation storage, semantic search, and intelligent context enhancement with multilingual vector search and hybrid search strategies.
- **Memory Commands:** Memory system management commands including memory search, statistics, configuration management, and other functions.
- **Model Management:** Loads and unloads language models for optimal performance.
- **Music:** Provides music playback using custom YouTube integration (yt_dlp + PyNaCl), supporting playlists, queues, and various playback modes.
- **Reminder:** Sets and manages reminders for users.
- **Schedule:** Manages user schedules and calendar functionality.
- **System Prompt Manager:** Manages channel and server-specific system prompts with permission validation, caching, and modular prompt system integration.
- **Update Manager:** Manages the auto-update system, providing version checking, secure downloading, and system restart functionality.
- **User Data:** Manages user-specific data and profiles.
- **Eat:** Provides intelligent food recommendations with MongoDB integration.


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Remove legacy test files for memory system and vector search; add quick start guide for memory system configuration and usage.

README.md, after:

# PigPig: Advanced Multi-modal LLM Discord Bot

<p align="center">
  <a href="README.md">English</a> | <a href="README_zh-TW.md">繁體中文</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/BvP64mqKzR">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1212823415204085770?color=7289DA&label=Support&logo=discord&style=for-the-badge" alt="Discord">
  </a>
</p>

PigPig is a powerful Discord bot based on multi-modal Large Language Models (LLM), designed to interact with users through natural language. It combines advanced AI capabilities with practical features, offering a rich experience for Discord communities.

[Invite PigPig to your server](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1208661941539704852&permissions=8&scope=bot)

## 🌟 Key Features

- 🧠 **AI-Powered Conversations**: Utilizes LLMs and LangChain for natural language understanding and generation.
- 🖼️ **Multi-modal Capabilities**: Visual question answering and image generation.
- 🍽️ **Practical Features**: Set reminders, get recommendations, and perform calculations.
- 👤 **User Information Management**: Create and maintain user profiles.
- 📊 **Channel Data RAG**: Use channel history for context-aware responses.
- 🧠 **Intelligent Channel Memory System**: Permanently stores and intelligently retrieves channel conversation history, providing semantic search and context enhancement
- 💭 **Chain of Thought Reasoning**: Employs Chain of Thought reasoning to provide detailed, step-by-step explanations of its thought process, enhancing transparency and understanding.  This feature allows the bot to break down complex problems into smaller, manageable steps, providing a more comprehensive and insightful response.
- 🔄 **Auto-Update System**: Automatically checks for and downloads GitHub updates with secure backup and rollback mechanisms.


## 🖥️ System Requirements

### Essential Dependencies
- [Python 3.10+](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) (for user data and restaurant recommendation features)
- [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/) (for music playback functionality)
- [Modules in requirements](requirements.txt)

### Hardware Requirements
- **GPU (Optional)**: NVIDIA GPU with at least 12GB VRAM (recommended for local model inference)
- **Note**: The bot prioritizes API services over local models, making GPU optional for most use cases

## 📸 Feature Showcase
### Discord Bot

![alt text](readmeimg/image-4.png)

![alt text](readmeimg/image.png)

![alt text](readmeimg/image-1.png)

![alt text](readmeimg/image-2.png)

![alt text](readmeimg/image-3.png)

## 🚀 Quick Start
```

### FFmpeg Configuration

The bot now supports configurable FFmpeg settings through the `settings.json` file. Key configuration options include:

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `ffmpeg.location` | Path to FFmpeg executable (default: `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_quality` | Audio quality for music downloads (default: `192` kbps) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_codec` | Audio codec for conversion (default: `mp3`) |
| `ffmpeg.postprocessor_args` | FFmpeg postprocessor arguments for optimization |
| `ffmpeg.ytdlp_options` | yt-dlp specific options for download behavior |
| `ffmpeg.http_headers` | HTTP headers for download requests |

These settings allow you to customize the music download and processing behavior according to your system requirements and preferences.sh
git clone https://github.com/starpig1129/discord-LLM-bot-PigPig.git  #Clone the repository
cd discord-LLM-bot-PigPig                                        #Go to the directory
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt          #Install required packages
```

### FFmpeg Configuration

The bot now supports configurable FFmpeg settings through the `settings.json` file. Key configuration options include:

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `ffmpeg.location` | Path to FFmpeg executable (default: `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_quality` | Audio quality for music downloads (default: `192` kbps) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_codec` | Audio codec for conversion (default: `mp3`) |
| `ffmpeg.postprocessor_args` | FFmpeg postprocessor arguments for optimization |
| `ffmpeg.ytdlp_options` | yt-dlp specific options for download behavior |
| `ffmpeg.http_headers` | HTTP headers for download requests |

These settings allow you to customize the music download and processing behavior according to your system requirements and preferences.

Start your bot with `python main.py`

## ⚙️ Configuration
1. **Rename `.env Example` to `.env` and fill all the values**
```

### FFmpeg Configuration

The bot now supports configurable FFmpeg settings through the `settings.json` file. Key configuration options include:

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `ffmpeg.location` | Path to FFmpeg executable (default: `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_quality` | Audio quality for music downloads (default: `192` kbps) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_codec` | Audio codec for conversion (default: `mp3`) |
| `ffmpeg.postprocessor_args` | FFmpeg postprocessor arguments for optimization |
| `ffmpeg.ytdlp_options` | yt-dlp specific options for download behavior |
| `ffmpeg.http_headers` | HTTP headers for download requests |

These settings allow you to customize the music download and processing behavior according to your system requirements and preferences.sh
TOKEN = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.XXXXXX.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
CLIENT_ID = 123456789012345678
CLIENT_SECRET_ID = XXXXXXXXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
SERCET_KEY = DASHBOARD_SERCET_KEY

BUG_REPORT_CHANNEL_ID = 123456789012345678

LLM_MODEL_NAME = shenzhi-wang/Llama3-8B-Chinese-Chat
VQA_MODEL_NAME = openbmb/MiniCPM-Llama3-V-2_5-int4
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
OPENAI_API_KEY = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
GEMINI_API_KEY = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

# Bot Owner ID (for auto-update system and admin operations)
BOT_OWNER_ID = 123456789012345678

# MongoDB Configuration (required for user data and restaurant features)
MONGODB_URI = mongodb://localhost:27017/pigpig
```

### FFmpeg Configuration

The bot now supports configurable FFmpeg settings through the `settings.json` file. Key configuration options include:

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `ffmpeg.location` | Path to FFmpeg executable (default: `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_quality` | Audio quality for music downloads (default: `192` kbps) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_codec` | Audio codec for conversion (default: `mp3`) |
| `ffmpeg.postprocessor_args` | FFmpeg postprocessor arguments for optimization |
| `ffmpeg.ytdlp_options` | yt-dlp specific options for download behavior |
| `ffmpeg.http_headers` | HTTP headers for download requests |

These settings allow you to customize the music download and processing behavior according to your system requirements and preferences.
| Values | Description |
| --- | --- |
| TOKEN | Your Discord bot token [(Discord Portal)](https://discord.com/developers/applications) |
| CLIENT_ID | Your Discord bot client id [(Discord Portal)](https://discord.com/developers/applications) |
| CLIENT_SECRET_ID | Your Discord bot client secret id [(Discord Portal)](https://discord.com/developers/applications) ***(optional)*** |
| SERCET_KEY | Secret key for dashboard ***(optional)*** |
| BUG_REPORT_CHANNEL_ID | All the error messages will send to this text channel ***(optional)*** |
| ANTHROPIC_API_KEY | Your Anthropic api key [(Anthropic API)](https://www.anthropic.com/api) ***(optional)*** |
| OPENAI_API_KEY | Your OpenAI api key [(OpenAI API)](https://openai.com/api/) ***(optional)*** |
| GEMINI_API_KEY | Your GEMINI API key [(GEMINI API)](https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey/) ***(optional)*** |
| BOT_OWNER_ID | Your Discord User ID for bot owner privileges and auto-update system ***(required for auto-update)*** |
| MONGODB_URI | MongoDB connection string for user data storage ***(required for user data and restaurant features)*** |
2. **Rename `settingsExample.json` to `settings.json` and customize your settings**
***(Note: Do not change any keys from `settings.json`)***
```

### FFmpeg Configuration

The bot now supports configurable FFmpeg settings through the `settings.json` file. Key configuration options include:

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `ffmpeg.location` | Path to FFmpeg executable (default: `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_quality` | Audio quality for music downloads (default: `192` kbps) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_codec` | Audio codec for conversion (default: `mp3`) |
| `ffmpeg.postprocessor_args` | FFmpeg postprocessor arguments for optimization |
| `ffmpeg.ytdlp_options` | yt-dlp specific options for download behavior |
| `ffmpeg.http_headers` | HTTP headers for download requests |

These settings allow you to customize the music download and processing behavior according to your system requirements and preferences.json
{
    "prefix": "/",
    "activity": [
        {
            "paly": "\u5b78\u7fd2\u8aaa\u8a71"
        }
    ],
    "ipc_server": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",
        "port": 8000,
        "enable": false
    },
    "version": "v2.2.11",
    "mongodb": "mongodb://localhost:27017/",
    "music_temp_base": "./temp/music",
    "model_priority": ["gemini", "local", "openai", "claude"],
    "auto_update": {
        "enabled": true,
        "check_interval": 21600,
        "require_owner_confirmation": true,
        "auto_restart": true
    },
    "notification": {
        "discord_dm": true,
        "update_channel_id": null,
        "notification_mentions": []
    },
    "security": {
        "backup_enabled": true,
        "max_backups": 5,
        "verify_downloads": true,
        "protected_files": ["settings.json", ".env", "data/"]
    },
    "restart": {
        "graceful_shutdown_timeout": 30,
        "restart_command": "python main.py",
        "pre_restart_delay": 5
    },
    "github": {
        "repository": "starpig1129/ai-discord-bot-PigPig",
        "api_url": "https://github.com/starpig1129/ai-discord-bot-PigPig/releases/latest",
        "download_url": "https://github.com/starpig1129/ai-discord-bot-PigPig/archive/"
    },
    "ffmpeg": {
        "location": "/usr/bin/ffmpeg",
        "audio_quality": "192",
        "audio_codec": "mp3",
        "postprocessor_args": {
            "threads": 2,
            "loglevel": "warning",
            "overwrite_output": true,
            "max_muxing_queue_size": 2048,
            "analyzeduration": "20M",
            "probesize": "20M",
            "reconnect": true,
            "reconnect_streamed": true,
            "reconnect_delay_max": 30,
            "timeout": 30000000,
            "rw_timeout": 30000000
        },
        "ytdlp_options": {
            "socket_timeout": 300,
            "retries": 10,
            "concurrent_fragment_downloads": 1,
            "file_access_retries": 5,
            "fragment_retries": 10,
            "retry_sleep_http": 5
        },
        "http_headers": {
            "user_agent": "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36",
            "accept": "text/html,application/xhtml+xml,application/xml;q=0.9,*/*;q=0.8",
            "accept_language": "en-us,en;q=0.5",
            "sec_fetch_mode": "navigate"
        }
    }
}
```

### FFmpeg Configuration

The bot now supports configurable FFmpeg settings through the `settings.json` file. Key configuration options include:

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `ffmpeg.location` | Path to FFmpeg executable (default: `/usr/bin/ffmpeg`) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_quality` | Audio quality for music downloads (default: `192` kbps) |
| `ffmpeg.audio_codec` | Audio codec for conversion (default: `mp3`) |
| `ffmpeg.postprocessor_args` | FFmpeg postprocessor arguments for optimization |
| `ffmpeg.ytdlp_options` | yt-dlp specific options for download behavior |
| `ffmpeg.http_headers` | HTTP headers for download requests |

These settings allow you to customize the music download and processing behavior according to your system requirements and preferences.

## 🧠 Memory System Configuration

The bot includes an intelligent channel memory system that provides permanent conversation storage and semantic search capabilities. Key features include:

### Memory System Features
- **Permanent Storage**: All channel conversations are automatically stored in a local SQLite database
- **Semantic Search**: Advanced vector-based search using sentence transformers for meaningful context retrieval
- **Multilingual Support**: Works with multiple languages including English, Chinese, Japanese, and more
- **Hybrid Search**: Combines keyword and semantic search for optimal results
- **Context Enhancement**: Automatically provides relevant conversation history to improve AI responses

### Memory System Commands
- `/memory_search <query>`: Search through conversation history using semantic search
- `/memory_stats`: View memory system statistics and storage information
- `/memory_config`: Manage memory system configuration settings

### Hardware Requirements for Memory System
- **CPU**: Standard CPU sufficient for basic operations
- **RAM**: Minimum 4GB recommended for vector operations
- **Storage**: Local storage for SQLite database and vector indices
- **Optional GPU**: NVIDIA GPU can accelerate vector computations (install `faiss-gpu` instead of `faiss-cpu`)

### Memory System Dependencies
The memory system uses the following key dependencies (automatically installed with requirements.txt):
- `faiss-cpu>=1.7.4`: Vector similarity search engine
- `sentence-transformers>=2.2.2`: Multilingual sentence embeddings
- `scikit-learn>=1.0.0`: Machine learning utilities for similarity calculations
- `psutil>=5.9.8`: System monitoring for performance optimization
For detailed setup and usage instructions, see the [Memory System Quick Start Guide](docs/memory_system_quick_start_guide.md).

## Cogs Overview

This bot utilizes a modular design with several cogs (modules) to handle different functionalities. Here's a brief overview:

- **CoT_AI:** Implements Chain of Thought reasoning for detailed, step-by-step responses.
- **Channel Manager:** Manages channel-specific settings and permissions.
- **Discord Manager Agent:** Handles Discord-specific management operations and automation.
- **Image Generation:** Generates images based on text prompts.
- **GIF Tools:** Provides GIF creation and manipulation functionality.
- **Help:** Provides a list of available commands and assistance.
- **Internet Search:** Performs various web searches (general, image, YouTube, URL content).
- **Language Manager:** Manages multi-language support and translations.
- **Math:** Performs mathematical calculations and problem-solving.
- **Memory System:** Intelligent channel memory system providing permanent conversation storage, semantic search, and intelligent context enhancement with multilingual vector search and hybrid search strategies.
- **Memory Commands:** Memory system management commands including memory search, statistics, configuration management, and other functions.
- **Model Management:** Loads and unloads language models for optimal performance.
- **Music:** Provides music playback using custom YouTube integration (yt_dlp + PyNaCl), supporting playlists, queues, and various playback modes.
- **Reminder:** Sets and manages reminders for users.
- **Schedule:** Manages user schedules and calendar functionality.
- **System Prompt Manager:** Manages channel and server-specific system prompts with permission validation, caching, and modular prompt system integration.
- **Update Manager:** Manages the auto-update system, providing version checking, secure downloading, and system restart functionality.
- **User Data:** Manages user-specific data and profiles.
- **Eat:** Provides intelligent food recommendations with MongoDB integration.


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
